With the six we got constructor's within classes.
So let's set up a class and we're going to just call it make a name and then a class has the curly brackets.
And then within this class this is where we can really make use of left and Konst remember that those
are block depending on the block that they're defined in that's where they're going to sit and live
with them.
So next let's add in the constructor so we ended up getting that constructor method within the brain.
Classes in ESX.
So let's try that.
So constructor and we can take in some parameters here and we can do something with those parameters.
And over here what I want to do is I want to construct and use the person's first name and last name
and then return back their created name their complete name.
So let's do let friend.
And we're going to create new and we're going to use that newly created class so new make name.
And then what we're going to do within the constructor so we're going to take those two parameters.
We're going to take first and last.
So we need to set some values for a first name and a last name.
So let's add those in.
So so adding in some values for the make name and within the constructor we're going to use this.
So this within a class refers to an array of the content that's actually sitting there within there.
So when we're using this we're talking about anything that's contained within make name so we need to
set some variables here that are contained within make name.
We don't have to declare them because they're already contained within the class already.
So they're already declared and when we're using this that gives us the ability just to pass that information
over within that same class.
So let's set up as first name and all we have to do is equal to first.
So within that constructor we're getting those two arguments that are getting passed so we can pick
it up within the constructor and we can assign it to live with inside of our class.
And of course then at this point there's quite a bit that we can do with these values.
For now we're just going to do a simple constructor of the person's name.
But this is there's a lot of things that you can extend expand out into.
Once you've got a class set up because it's as easy as this when you set a couple values here and then
do a bunch of code here and apply a bunch of logic as well so they can get fairly complex.
So I'm trying to provide a really simplified version of it.
So within the class as well we can create some functions or methods.
And so these can actually live inside so complete name and basically the whole idea is that I want to
console log out the value for this first name and I want to concatenate it together with the value of
this last name.
We need to include this because that's referring to that entire class.
And if we need to if we want to access it then we need to take a look at that as it's entirety so I
can output this as well within the cons..
And then lastly in order to make use of the complete name we know that we've passed in that value.
That's all being contained within friend.
So now we can take a friend and we can call to the method that's contained within it because we've assigned
that instance of the class to it so now if we do friend complete name we're actually going to run through
and we're going to run through all of those functions.
So there we go.
So I know we went through a lot of trouble to simply add two strings together to concatenate them with
a space.
But there's a lot of potential where you can build out from this.
And also I want to also look at this so we see within this when we set it up within the constructor.
Now we can't access it within this object.
So we always have access to it because it's sitting within this class and using this type of using this.
This we can do quite a bit with the values that are contained within the class.
So I want you to do now is try the search for yourself and do something really simple simple like the
one that I've just created where you can go and create a class and then set up variable defined new
instance of that class pass in some arguments you can do the same one as I did where we do first name
and last name.
Pass those values into the constructor so pick those arguments up and then do something with those arguments
within the constructor and then create a method within that class and then call to that method within
the class and the method.
If this method is actually where we'll get that output where we can actually see what's happening inside
of the class.
So that's what we've got it console log.
But you can do even more with that as well.
So go ahead and try the soat for yourself and get familiar with using classes iest classes.